[DOCS] ITT Performance Analysis update for master (#24925)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: src/docs/performance_analysis_ITT_counters.md

For performance analysis, follow the steps below:
1. Run the CMake tool with the following option: `-DENABLE_PROFILING_ITT=ON` and build OpenVINO.
2. Choose the tool for statistics collection using ITT counters.

>     1. [Intel Vtune Profiler](https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/tools/oneapi/components/vtune-profiler.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Intel Vtune Profiler](https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/tools/oneapi/components/vtune-profiler.html)
```

> 3. Run OpenVINO project with performance analysis tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run an OpenVINO project with the performance analysis tool.
```
